Runtime is now supported based on major version (#1660)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md

| Stable          | 6 months or 3 months after the next major Runtime release (whichever is longer) |
| LTS             | 18 months                                                                       |

> For each Runtime version, only the latest patch is supported at any given time. If you report an issue with an Astro Runtime patch version that is not latest, the Astronomer Support team will always ask that you upgrade as a first step to resolution. For example, we encourage any user who reports an issue with Astro Runtime 4.0.2 to first upgrade to the latest 4.x.y version as soon as it's generally available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each Runtime release channel, only the latest minor.patch version is supported at any given time. If you report an issue with an Astro Runtime version that is not latest, the Astronomer Support team will always ask that you upgrade as a first step to resolution. For example, we encourage any user who reports an issue with Astro Runtime 4.0.2 to first upgrade to the latest 4.x.y version as soon as it's generally available.
```

Reviewer 2: To be clear, support will ask them to upgrade from 4.0.2 to 4.2.0 (latest 4.x.y as of today) in this case?

Reviewer 2: Current logic in support form is below. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87984472/208940650-0f5fd9b5-b8bc-4661-9352-186fb8fba83d.png)

Reviewer 2: And here is an example of the deprecation notice based on previous guidance.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87984472/208941937-de7d788a-9b26-4bb5-a444-f8101216c05b.png)

Author: > support will ask them to upgrade from 4.0.2 to 4.2.0 (latest 4.x.y as of today)

4.2.9 (that's the latest), but yes.

The support form language may need tweaking, as once 5.1.0 is releases it will include new functionality, but no breaking changes.

> For each Runtime release channel, only the latest minor.patch version is supported at any given time. If you report an issue with an Astro Runtime version that is not latest, the Astronomer Support team will always ask that you upgrade as a first step to resolution. For example, we encourage any user who reports an issue with Astro Runtime 4.0.2 to first upgrade to the latest 4.x.y version as soon as it's generally available.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For each major Runtime version, only the latest `minor.patch` version is supported at any given time. If you report an issue with an Astro Runtime version that is not latest, the Astronomer Support team will always ask that you upgrade as a first step to resolution. For example, we encourage any user who reports an issue with Astro Runtime 4.0.2 to first upgrade to the latest 4.x.y version as soon as it's generally available.
```
@astro-rft Can you confirm that this is the case? "Each Runtime release channel" would imply that the latest 7.x.y version is the only supported version for all stable releases.

Reviewer: Good clarification.

> For each major Runtime version, only the latest `minor.patch` version is supported at any given time. If you report an issue with an Astro Runtime version that is not latest, the Astronomer Support team will always ask that you upgrade as a first step to resolution. For example, we encourage any user who reports an issue with Astro Runtime 4.0.2 to first upgrade to the latest 4.x.y version as soon as it's generally available.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For each major Runtime version, only the latest `minor.patch` version is supported at any given time. If you report an issue with an Astro Runtime version that is not latest, the Astronomer Support team will always ask that you upgrade as a first step to resolution. For example, any user who reports an issue with Astro Runtime 4.0.2 will be asked to upgrade to the latest 4.x.y version as soon as it's generally available.
```

### Stable releases

| Runtime Version                                 | Apache Airflow version | Release Date       | End of Maintenance Date |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | ------------------ | ----------------------- |

> | [4](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-420) | 2.2.4-2.2.5            | March 10, 2022     | September 2023          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [4](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-420) | 2.2            | March 10, 2022     | September 2023          |
```

Author: Why? Should we do this for the rest?

Author: I did these tables as well (sorry, somehow missed your comment above before).

> | [4](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-420) | 2.2.4-2.2.5            | March 10, 2022     | September 2023          |
> | [5](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-500) | 2.3.0-2.3.4            | April 30, 2022     | October 2023            |
> | [6](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-600) | 2.4.0-2.4.3            | September 19, 2022 | March 2024              |
> | [7](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-700) | 2.5.0                  | December 3, 2022   | June 2023               |

Author: ```suggestion
| [4](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-420) | 2.2                    | March 10, 2022     | September 2023          |
| [5](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-500) | 2.3                    | April 30, 2022     | October 2023            |
| [6](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-600) | 2.4                    | September 19, 2022 | March 2024              |
| [7](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-700) | 2.5                    | December 3, 2022   | June 2023               |
```

### Long-term support (LTS) releases 

| Runtime Version                                 | Apache Airflow version | Release Date       | End of Maintenance Date |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | ------------------ | ----------------------- |

> | [4](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-420) | 2.2.4-2.2.5            | March 10, 2022     | September 2023          |
> | [5](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-500) | 2.3.0-2.3.4            | April 30, 2022     | October 2023            |
> | [6](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-600) | 2.4.0-2.4.3            | September 19, 2022 | March 2024              |

Author: ```suggestion
| [4](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-420) | 2.2                    | March 10, 2022     | September 2023          |
| [5](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-500) | 2.3                    | April 30, 2022     | October 2023            |
| [6](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-600) | 2.4                    | September 19, 2022 | March 2024              |
```

:::info

> For specific version compatibility information, see [Runtime release notes](runtime-release-notes.md).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For version compatibility information, see the [Runtime release notes](runtime-release-notes.md).
```
